Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what are we going to be doing?
This lecture is we're going to have to test widgets, and those two tests widgets are going to be displayed
or recently that is from left to right.
Okay.
Now, in order to do this, we're going to need to go back to voice code and now we can use control
and B to make this wide.
Okay?
Now we can simply just do this within the.
Test Fields column.
So we know this column has to do with everything that has to do with our test field and sign up like
so we tend to column it ends over.
Yeah.
And this is the last.
Consider we have for the button rights.
Okay.
So over here we can have a row with that, because what we simply want is we want the test over here,
which is going to say, I already have an account and it says over here, which is then going to say
Log in.
Okay.
So for this purpose, we're going to be needing a row widgets.
And as you know, a row can take multiple widgets.
So it's as these children as property.
And the first child is going to be a test widget, which is which is just going to say already.
Have.
And accounts.
We can have a question mark to this and how to try to cover how to try to cover this country and save.
You can see it via.
Okay.
That we can take it to the middle.
Now, over this row, jets, the row has a property known as main access elements, which is going to
be the opposite of column.
So we can say.
Or which is going to work as the opposite of cola.
Okay.
So now we can say main element or center.
So this is going to take you to the center board for COLA.
This is going to take you to the center vertically.
You can see it over here.
So he took it to the center.
A result, sadly.
But for Colon, it's going to take it to the center vertically.
Okay.
So we can then have another child.
And for the other child, it's going to be a widget known as test button because we want the button
to be clickable.
Or you can easily just drop that button.
You can easily just wrap the test with a button or you can just go with this.
Okay.
And as you know, this is going to take the art press, which is a function.
And for the child, it's going to be a test widget.
And it's just going to say log in.
How to trachoma and use comprehensive.
You can see it over here.
Okay, great.
And what we can do now is to study this a bit.
And as you know, the test widget has a property known as Ty.
And this is going to be test.
We can increase the font size to 18 and see how it's going to look.
And we can then say font width and it's going to be full width.
That board, or we can say we don't want it to be that board.
So we can say the W.
Several hundred OC.
Okay.
Great.
Already have.
We can just use a small letter.
Already have an account.
Then log in.
Okay.
Great.
Now, what we can also do is.
We any widgets we have had in this is going to be over.
That is any widgets.
We are hardened within the row.
It's going to be at this point of view.
So what we can do is outside this row widgets, we can it's NCA, we can have it says widgets.
Wishes good wishes going to say.
How did your is controlled and save and see.
So it's going to be a.
For.
Okay.
We can't just go ahead and start this first.
So there's going to be test tie.
And we can say fonts size of 22 and font suite is going to be four width.
The board is controlled to save.
Okay.
Or that we can basically just copy this rule we have over here again and paste this.
We are still within the Test Fields column.
Right.
You can see this is it.
And this is the main column we have that wraps everything up.
Okay.
So we can piece this here.
Ah.
This is going to be.
Okay.
Create.
We can just say create a seller.
SLR.
Like, all we can basically do is we can use.
Double quotes and we can say creates a seller's.
Seller.
So single quotes.
The seller's accounts.
Okay.
And this is going to be this is going to say sign up like.
Great.
Okay, now let's check it out and see.
Create a seller account, create a seller's account.
We can increase the font size to 22 for this.
Okay.
And we can basically reduce this to the 500.
And as well.
Okay.
500.
Hopefully you understand our role in the works, but if you don't, you can do well to let me know.
So I'm going to make a video personally for you in order to explain more.
Deportee.
Are you okay?
You can see.
Okay.
In the future, we are going to be using funds.
So this test are going to look very, very nice.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.